# Clothilde implementation in Unity

## Installation

In order to run this project you will need to have Unity and Unity Hub installed.

In order to download and commit to this project you will need to setup Git and Git LFS properly (recommended to use github Desktop as well).

### Setup for Python

#### Step 0: Clone the repository 
```
git clone https://github.com/fcoltraro/clothilde-sim.git
cd clothilde
```
#### Step 1: Create a new conda environment with the required packages
```
conda create -n clothilde_env -c conda-forge python=3.11 suitesparse scikit-sparse scipy numpy pykdtree
```
#### Step 2: Activate the conda environment
```
conda activate clothilde_env
```
#### Step 3: Install the rest with pip
```
pip install polyscope line_profiler
```

### Setup for Unity

In order to run the project correctly remember to do the following:

#### Step 1: Modify the paths in Assets/Scripts/PythonConnecyion.cs

#### Step 2: Ensure that the project settings have been configured correctly 

You should only follow this steps if you are trying to recreate this project from Scratch, the project settings should be correctly configured in this repository.

API ...

If you are using the VR scenes, ensure you have Steam VR installed and the plug-in downloaded.

## General explanation of the project

This project has been developped in Unity with the purpose of integrating the simulator developped in [here](https://github.com/fcoltraro/clothilde-sim) with an interactive platform that would enable data collection.

The entirety of the files have been automatically generated by Unity with the exception of the following:

- All files under Assets/Scripts/
  - Code developped in C#, each class is documented and a README has been added in this folder to explain the workflow of the most common uses.
- All files under Assets/Legacy/
  - Code developped in C#, classes that are not used since most of the code has been replaced but was useful while developping this project.
- All files under Assets/Exports/
  - Result of the different recordings/data collections.

